In the final project for CS-370 at SNHU, we implemented reinforcement learning for a pirate treasure hunt game. The game was simple, two characters, a pirate and a user would compete in traversing a maze to find a treasure. My job was to develop the fastest route to the treasure based on many different starting locations. In order to accomplish this goal, reinforcement learning and deep-q learning was necessary.
	The starting code provided included the code for the environment, the episode recording, rewards, move set and deep-q learning model. The code that I wrote involved the reinforcement learning algorithm. This algorithm iterates through the episodes and updates each state based of the action made. The actions are determined with the epsilon greedy algorithm. Subsequent to running actions, I collect the outcome of the episode (win or loss) and determine the win ratio based off the recent history of episodes. This process continues until the win ratio reaches 100%. Once we have successfully reached a 100% win ratio over the period of the recent history, we have completed training our agent. Lastly, to finish off the program several test cases were implemented to determine if everything ran correctly.
	Computer scientists are logicians, mathematicians, statisticians and engineers all in one. Computer scientist work with technology through the means of software and application to solve problems in many areas of the world. We have an enormous impact on the world from programming cell phones, desktop computers and spacecraft to simple ATM machines and calculators. 
As a computer scientist it is essential to approach all problems methodically, logically, efficiently and with an understanding of moral implications on the world. Understanding my personal biases and approaching my work as a computer scientist objectively is paramount. 
